README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I am a software engineer with a six-year journey through the diverse realms of IT and software development. Starting from hands-on technical support, progressing through software testing and documentation, and advancing into software design and management, I've consistently adapted to deliver solutions. My core strength lies in problem-solving and critical thinking, thriving on intellectually challenging work that involves solving novel problems.

While my current role encompasses designing software, my ambition extends to contributing to the entire development process. This aspiration prompted my enrollment in General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive, marking my commitment to become a software engineer. Looking forward, I am poised to leverage this background, coupled with my newfound skills, to make impactful strides in software engineering.

## Skills/Tools:

![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,nodejs,express,python,django,js,mongodb,postgres,mysql,html,css)

| Skills     |         |            |
| ---------- | ------- | ---------- |
| React      | NodeJs  | Fly.io     |
| JavaScript | Express | Render     |
| HTML5      | Django  | Supabase   |
| CSS        | Python  | MySQL      |
| EJS        | AWS     | PostgreSql |
| Bootstrap  | Git     | SQL Server |
| Tailwind   | Bash    | MongoDB    |

# Projects

## [ProjectPacer](https://github.com/dominicspinks/ProjectPacer)

### React | Supabase

This is my capstone project for General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive.

ProjectPacer is a project management application designed to help small teams efficiently manage their projects. It provides features for user authentication, tracking project progress, and facilitating team communication through the included chat widget.

### Demo : [ProjectPacer](https://projectpacer.netlify.app/)

<img src="/projectPacer.png" width="65%">
<hr>

## [TripMixer](https://github.com/dominicspinks/tripmixer)

### Python | Django | PostgreSQL

TripMixer is a travel planning app designed to help users create and manage their holiday. Users can plan their trips, select their preferred destinations, and customize their itinerary to suit their preferences.

Users can also share their trips and experiences with other users, allowing them to get inspired and connect with other travellers.

### Demo : [here](https://sei-tripmixer.fly.dev/)

<img src="/tripMixer.png" width="65%">
<hr>

## [RepRealm](https://github.com/dominicspinks/RepRealm)

### MongoDB | Express | NodeJs

RepRealm is a web application for creating and storing your custom workout routines.

Users can browse through the repository of other user's shared workouts, saving those they like to perform for themselves.

### Demo : [RepRealm](https://reprealm.onrender.com/)

<img src="/repRealm.png" width="65%">
<hr>

## Portfolio/Contact

Portfolio [dominicspinks.com](https://dominicspinks.com) | Email [dominic.spinks@outlook.com](mailto:dominic.spinks@outlook.com) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dominicspinks/)

Commit message:

Add portfolio details to projects

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

I am a software engineer with a six-year journey through the diverse realms of IT and software development. Starting from hands-on technical support, progressing through software testing and documentation, and advancing into software design and management, I've consistently adapted to deliver solutions. My core strength lies in problem-solving and critical thinking, thriving on intellectually challenging work that involves solving novel problems.

While my current role encompasses designing software, my ambition extends to contributing to the entire development process. This aspiration prompted my enrollment in General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive, marking my commitment to become a software engineer. Looking forward, I am poised to leverage this background, coupled with my newfound skills, to make impactful strides in software engineering.

## Skills/Tools:

![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,nodejs,express,python,django,js,mongodb,postgres,mysql,html,css)

| Skills     |         |            |
| ---------- | ------- | ---------- |
| React      | NodeJs  | Fly.io     |
| JavaScript | Express | Render     |
| HTML5      | Django  | Supabase   |
| CSS        | Python  | MySQL      |
| EJS        | AWS     | PostgreSql |
| Bootstrap  | Git     | SQL Server |
| Tailwind   | Bash    | MongoDB    |

# Projects

## [Portfolio](https://github.com/dominicspinks/portfolio)

### React

This portfolio showcases my work, skills, and projects in software development. Built with React, it features a clean and responsive design to highlight my journey and accomplishments, including detailed project sections, an about me page, and contact information.

### Demo: [Portfolio](https://dominicspinks.com/)

<img src="/portfolio.png" width="65%">
<hr>

## [ProjectPacer](https://github.com/dominicspinks/ProjectPacer)

### React | Supabase

This is my capstone project for General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive.

ProjectPacer is a project management application designed to help small teams efficiently manage their projects. It provides features for user authentication, tracking project progress, and facilitating team communication through the included chat widget.

### Demo : [ProjectPacer](https://projectpacer.netlify.app/)

<img src="/projectPacer.png" width="65%">
<hr>

## [TripMixer](https://github.com/dominicspinks/tripmixer)

### Python | Django | PostgreSQL

TripMixer is a travel planning app designed to help users create and manage their holiday. Users can plan their trips, select their preferred destinations, and customize their itinerary to suit their preferences.

Users can also share their trips and experiences with other users, allowing them to get inspired and connect with other travellers.

### Demo : [here](https://tripmixer.dominicspinks.com/)

<img src="/tripMixer.png" width="65%">
<hr>

## [RepRealm](https://github.com/dominicspinks/RepRealm)

### MongoDB | Express | NodeJs

RepRealm is a web application for creating and storing your custom workout routines.

Users can browse through the repository of other user's shared workouts, saving those they like to perform for themselves.

### Demo : [RepRealm](https://reprealm.onrender.com/)

<img src="/repRealm.png" width="65%">
<hr>

## Portfolio/Contact

Portfolio [dominicspinks.com](https://dominicspinks.com) | Email [dominic.spinks@outlook.com](mailto:dominic.spinks@outlook.com) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dominicspinks/)
